Requirements / User Stories (US)

[1] Requirements

Web App for Personal Finance Management

Person has a name, an address, a birthdate, a birthplace, a mother, a father and siblings.

People can gather in Groups (e.g. families) and each Group has admins, a description, a date of criation and
a Ledger.

It's mandatory to register the financial transactions of each Person or Group in a Ledger.

Each Transaction is ether credit or debit. It must also have a description, a value and a Category (as much as each
Person wants).

At last, there's still the option to schedule transactions, and each Scheduling includes categories,
periodicity, type (credit or debit), value and Accounts (debit or credit).


***


[2] User Stories (US)

The functionalities implemented in this Web Application are the following:

US001 - As a system manager, I want to know if a Person is sibling from another one.

US002 – As a system manager, I want to create a group.
US002.1 – As a user, I want to create a group, becoming a group administrator.

US003 – As system manager, I want to add persons to a group.

US004 - As a system manager, I want to know which groups are family.

US005 - As a user, I want to add a category to my list of categories.
US005.1 - As a group administrator, I want to create a category and associate it with the group.

US006 - As a user, I want to create an account for myself, giving it a denomination and a description so that it can
later be used in my transactions.

US007 - As a group administrator I want to create a group account, giving it a denomination and a description, so that
it can later be used in the group's transactions.

US008.1 - As a group  member, I want to create a transaction, assigning it a value, the date (current, by default),
a description, a category, a credit account and a debit account.

US010 - As a user / group member, I want to obtain the transactions of a certain account in a given period.

US099 -  As a registered user, I want to have access to the features that correspond to me in the web application.